gold_label	sentence1	sentence2
neutral	A person on a horse jumps over a broken down airplane.	A person is training his horse for a competition.
contradiction	A person on a horse jumps over a broken down airplane.	A person is at a diner, ordering an omelette.
entailment	A person on a horse jumps over a broken down airplane.	A person is outdoors, on a horse.
neutral	Children smiling and waving at camera	They are smiling at their parents
entailment	Children smiling and waving at camera	There are children present
contradiction	Children smiling and waving at camera	The kids are frowning
contradiction	A boy is jumping on skateboard in the middle of a red bridge.	The boy skates down the sidewalk.
entailment	A boy is jumping on skateboard in the middle of a red bridge.	The boy does a skateboarding trick.
neutral	A boy is jumping on skateboard in the middle of a red bridge.	The boy is wearing safety equipment.
neutral	An older man sits with his orange juice at a small table in a coffee shop while employees in bright colored shirts smile in the background.	An older man drinks his juice as he waits for his daughter to get off work.
contradiction	An older man sits with his orange juice at a small table in a coffee shop while employees in bright colored shirts smile in the background.	A boy flips a burger.
neutral	An older man sits with his orange juice at a small table in a coffee shop while employees in bright colored shirts smile in the background.	An elderly man sits in a small shop.
neutral	Two blond women are hugging one another.	Some women are hugging on vacation.
contradiction	Two blond women are hugging one another.	The women are sleeping.
entailment	Two blond women are hugging one another.	There are women showing affection.
neutral	A few people in a restaurant setting, one of them is drinking orange juice.	The people are eating omelettes.
contradiction	A few people in a restaurant setting, one of them is drinking orange juice.	The people are sitting at desks in school.
entailment	A few people in a restaurant setting, one of them is drinking orange juice.	The diners are at a restaurant.
entailment	An older man is drinking orange juice at a restaurant.	A man is drinking juice.
contradiction	An older man is drinking orange juice at a restaurant.	Two women are at a restaurant drinking wine.
neutral	An older man is drinking orange juice at a restaurant.	A man in a restaurant is waiting for his meal to arrive.
neutral	A man with blond-hair, and a brown shirt drinking out of a public water fountain.	A blond man getting a drink of water from a fountain in the park.
contradiction	A man with blond-hair, and a brown shirt drinking out of a public water fountain.	A blond man wearing a brown shirt is reading a book on a bench in the park
entailment	A man with blond-hair, and a brown shirt drinking out of a public water fountain.	A blond man drinking water from a fountain.
contradiction	Two women who just had lunch hugging and saying goodbye.	The friends scowl at each other over a full dinner table.
entailment	Two women who just had lunch hugging and saying goodbye.	There are two woman in this picture.
neutral	Two women who just had lunch hugging and saying goodbye.	The friends have just met for the first time in 20 years, and have had a great time catching up.
neutral	Two women, holding food carryout containers, hug.	The two sisters saw each other across the crowded diner and shared a hug, both clutching their doggie bags.
contradiction	Two women, holding food carryout containers, hug.	Two groups of rival gang members flipped each other off.
entailment	Two women, holding food carryout containers, hug.	Two women hug each other.
neutral	A Little League team tries to catch a runner sliding into a base in an afternoon game.	A team is trying to score the games winning out.
entailment	A Little League team tries to catch a runner sliding into a base in an afternoon game.	A team is trying to tag a runner out.
contradiction	A Little League team tries to catch a runner sliding into a base in an afternoon game.	A team is playing baseball on Saturn.
contradiction	The school is having a special event in order to show the american culture on how other cultures are dealt with in parties.	A school hosts a basketball game.
neutral	The school is having a special event in order to show the american culture on how other cultures are dealt with in parties.	A high school is hosting an event.
entailment	The school is having a special event in order to show the american culture on how other cultures are dealt with in parties.	A school is hosting an event.
contradiction	High fashion ladies wait outside a tram beside a crowd of people in the city.	The women do not care what clothes they wear.
entailment	High fashion ladies wait outside a tram beside a crowd of people in the city.	Women are waiting by a tram.
neutral	High fashion ladies wait outside a tram beside a crowd of people in the city.	The women enjoy having a good fashion sense.